Fz synclavier  
  
Rhonda  
  
Harry Harry is that you as a boy  
  
Harry  
  
Why it must be Hes so charming and sweet and likeable  
  
ThingFish  
  
HarryAsABoy cmon over n say a few words to de nice peoples  
  
HarryAsABoy  
  
Hi folks Nice to be here  
  
ThingFish  
  
Is sure dere be lotsa folks like to know what yo plans are  How yintend
tbe gwine about this uncredibly serious bidniss o growin up in ermerica  
  
HarryAsABoy  
  
Well I plan on making a few mistakes having my heart broken and so forth
using all kinds of drugs and turning gay as soon as possible in order to
accelerate my rise to the top of the heap   
  
ThingFish  
  
Ahh Tremenjous harryAsABoy simply treMenjous You practicin up for it
wit anybody in poticlar now  
  
HarryAsABoy  
  
I cant afford to study with anyone yet since the bulk of my allowance goes
for glue and Grateful Dead tickets but soon I hope to be on my knees in a
real homo bath house  Maybe when my folks go on vacation  
  
ThingFish  
  
Aint you de clever one Tell us harryAsABoy howdja recide upon this heah
lifestyle bein de one for you  
  
HarryAsABoy  
  
It was pretty simple really I lost all desire for intercourse with females
when they started carrying those briefcases and wearing suits n ties  
  
Rhonda  
  
What  
  
HarryAsABoy  
  
Lets face it that would be like fucking a slightly more voluptuous version
of somebodys father n Im far too sensitive for such a traumatic
experience  
  
ThingFish  
  
You means de womens libromation movenint done created de uncontrollable
urgement to play dingledangledingle wit de personal requipment of yo own
gender  
  
HarryAsABoy  
  
To a degree  I mean  Look Im not stupid I know its all a thoroughly
workable governmentsponsored program to control the Population Explosion
and just like every other american Im too concerned with my own personal
health and well being to think of devoting any of my precious time to
something as boring as reproduction  
  
Rhonda  
  
Harry I used to think you were merely an overEducated shitHead but now
that I finally have proof its going to give me great pleasure to refer to
you as an overEducated cocksucker  
  
Harry  
  
Well to be honest with you dearest I sort of  Gulp gulp   
  
Rhonda  
  
Wheres the fairies on a string harry Huh Riddle me this  
  
ThingFish  
  
Easy there white folks I told yalld be gettin yo fairies after while n
yknow dat sort o thing take a little time to woik up to in yo broadway
sitchyatium Mammys step fawd n hep de lil cocksucker out

